Allow definition of required status checks for new github repos (#10848)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/curly-parrots-applaud.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor
---

> Update the github:publish action to allow passing required status checks by name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `github:publish` action to allow passing required status checks before merging to the default branch.
```

Author: Done.
